My first lawsuit since I got my lawyer's license
Is to take my dad to court
That's when I said I wanted to kill him
Not to scare anyone
I really wanted to kill him
But I can't do it.
For killing for life
I have to die too
And you know what?
I gave myself the name Tang Jian when I was in college
My previous name was Don Duoduo
I don't want to be as useless as a flower
I want to be as sharp as a sword
Now you are
I'm not.
I'm still useless
I still get scared.
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
No one will bully you again
Really? Then if I get old in the future
If I'm ugly, I can't make money. Will you hit me?
What are you talking about, Sister Tang, Tang Duoduo, what are you thinking?
From now on, I will call you Duoduo by a beautiful name
But my mom told me
My dad used to be nice to him when he was chasing my mom
But it wasn't until after I was born
My dad started drinking
I used to come home five minutes late from school and get kicked out by my dad.
Don't think about it.
We don't want that, okay?
Our future
It must be sunny.
Flowers
Okay, messed up future.
Good news for you
Gaiyu was invited to tea by the Judicial Bureau
He's a guest at the Justice Bureau
Yeah, that's why I dare to tell you
Otherwise, I'm afraid you can't have fun in vain
I have to cheer up.
Okay, I'll allow you to stop for a few more days.
Yes, I'm here.
I would do anything for you.
Really? Hmm?